Allow use of a single cert for multiple provisioning profiles (#2193)
tuist/tuist: website/markdown/docs/commands/signing.mdx

## How to Get Started

As the first step, download all your provisioning profiles that you'll need.
Once you downloaded them, make sure to rename the provisioning profiles, so they abide by the following convention:

> `Target.Configuration.mobileprovision`

Reviewer: `mobileprovision` is not strictly right as we support `macOS`, too, for which the extension is `provisionprofile`

Where `Target` should be a name of the target, `Configuration` a name of the configuration. 

> Export the public (as .cer file) and private key (as .p12 file with an empty string as password) from your keychain. Use the same basename for these two file: `SomeName.cer` and `SomeName.p12` - this name doesn't need to match any target or configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Export the public (as .cer file) and private key (as .p12 file with an empty string as a password) from your keychain. Use the same basename for these two files: `SomeName.cer` and `SomeName.p12` - this name doesn't need to match any target or configuration.
```

> If multiple provisioning profiles use the same certificate it's fine to have that .p12 and .cer file just once in the folder - Tuist will find the matching one based on information embedded into the provisioning profile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If multiple provisioning profiles use the same certificate, it's fine to have `.p12` and `.cer` files just once in the folder - Tuist will find the matching one based on information embedded into the provisioning profile.
```
